๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ www.OpenSubtitles.org ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
/// ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ///
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
Hathef@windowslive.com
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
You're late.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 800 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ  -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 1200
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
10:55 -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 50 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ " -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " W " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 16
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 2 .. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 100 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 2000 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " .. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 15 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ
/ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ /
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 38
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
" 417 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
" ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ  -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ..
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ " ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ .. -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ... ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ....
/// ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ///
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm